Add Luca's Panel from Rust for the Web Barcelona (#2472)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/channels/rustweb-barcelona.md

---
title: "Rust for the web"
image: "/assets/images/talks/2024-05-30-rustweb-barcelona/logo.png"
url: https://www.meetup.com/es-ES/bcnrust/events/300765894/
---

> “Rust for the web” is an event organized by the Mainmatter team in collaboration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
“Rust for the web” Barcelona was an event organized by the Mainmatter team in collaboration
```

this was a one-off event
